whoo it feels good to be champion Nikki
when you said I'd be humiliated because
I'll lose so quickly well have only
person that got humiliated was herself
and yo whose fault that was it was yours
I was so close to losing but I got I
remember the time I wanted to TW me more
than anything so I pulled myself
together and I did that big American
kick to the face with the trash can over
Mickey's head and I want the twe
championship
oh no I demand a rematch you did not win
I boy not you me we got you to organ you
didn't get three count I get a
championship match for the twe
championship right now I demand have
Championship match right now and what
makes you so sure that you need a
rematch because just need one because
you just stole it for me like that
because i just i was under estimating
you and you are better than i thought
but still whose mistake I made when I
went to try to close on you into the car
but i actually just when it's the car
that's what the turning point oh sure
that's like the dog ate your homework of
excuses but not at the bottom so you
need to work your way up there's three
simple steps I'm very simple but one you
need to meet Brody tonight then if you
get that Brody you're on to step two
step two you beat a mystery opponent
next week and the mystery opponent beats
you he gets a title opportunity and
number three once you got past the
mystery opponent not saying you will but
if you do you're on step three you have
to beat me cuz all good look on your Mac
I tell you the easiest step of all your
three stupid three stupid steps it's
being Geary's it's just so easy but you
most of the time the match
we're down anyway and I just kind of lit
went easy on you so that's going to be
the easiest part easiest step is just
beating you the student good luck on
your match
you
hmm oh you think you're so tough yeah
mr. America this is a warning good this
is a warning mr. America I'm coming for
you